Update events.rst - k-status-bar example (#1199)
kytos/kytos: docs/developer/events.rst

============= ====== ================================== 
statusMessage string Show a status message in StatusBar 
============= ====== ================================== 
 
The example below uses the `mounted()` method that will display those messages
in the `k-status-bar` as soon the Kytos Web UI DOM is rendered.

**Example**

.. code-block:: html
    
    <template>
        ...
    </template>

    <script>
    /* All the javascript methods are optional */
    module.exports = {
        methods: { 

>             // put your javascript methods her 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // put your javascript methods here
```

        },
        mounted() {
            /* Will be displayed in kytos-blue */

>             this.$kytos.$emit('statusMessage', 'Your Message Here!')
>             /* Will be displayed in kytos-red */
>             this.$kytos.$emit('statusMessage', 'Your Message Here!', true)

Reviewer: Please avoid exclamation marks.

```suggestion
            this.$kytos.$emit('statusMessage', 'Your Message Here')
            /* Will be displayed in kytos-red */
            this.$kytos.$emit('statusMessage', 'Your Message Here', true)
```
